Update grass_setup.rst (#3344)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/training_manual/grass/grass_setup.rst

Using GRASS in QGIS requires you to think of the interface in a slightly

> different way. Remember that you're not working in QGIS directly, but working

Reviewer: Do I misunderstand something or is the logic inverted here?
```suggestion
different way. Remember that you're not working in GRASS directly, but working
```

> in GRASS *via* QGIS. If you are working in Windows, make sure that you have started QGIS Desktop 3.4 with Grass 7.4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in GRASS *via* QGIS.

.. note:: If you are working in Windows, make sure that you have QGIS Desktop
with Grass support.
```

Reviewer 2: I suggest that a note is used for this, and I think that we should avoid mentioning the specific QGIS and GRASS versions.

Author: Better. Would it be self-evident how to start QGIS with grass support?

Reviewer 2: I guess that should be covered by the user manual.  If you can find where it is described, you could provide a "reference".

Reviewer: We have https://docs.qgis.org/testing/en/docs/user_manual/grass_integration/grass_integration.html#grass-gis-integration but at first glance there's no clear instructions on this and i also wonder how duplicate contents are with the training manual. 
But is it a Windows-only prerequisite? Anyone with grass experience on other platform?

Reviewer: We have https://docs.qgis.org/testing/en/docs/user_manual/grass_integration/grass_integration.html#grass-gis-integration but at first glance there's no clear instructions on this and i also wonder how duplicate contents are with the training manual. 
But is it a Windows-only prerequisite? Anyone with grass experience on other platform?

Reviewer: We have https://docs.qgis.org/testing/en/docs/user_manual/grass_integration/grass_integration.html#grass-gis-integration but at first glance there's no clear instructions on this and i also wonder how duplicate contents are with the training manual. 
But is it a Windows-only prerequisite? Anyone with grass experience on other platform?

Reviewer 3: I just have experience with GRASS + QGIS on QGIS self compiled on Linux where you need to export some environmental variables... I'm pretty sure if you are on Linux system with QGIS installed with standard packages (AKA repository) then you don't have any trouble.

Let me know if you want to describe also this option,but I think it's a little bit too much ;)

Reviewer: Official instructions in installing QGIS on Linux require to install qgis_plugin_grass so it should be good for those platforms and osgeo4w provides it (by default?). But maybe we could simply skip the "If you are working in Windows, " part and point to the aforementioned grass chapter and have someone add the information about how to get grass support there.

> in GRASS *via* QGIS. If you are working in Windows, make sure that you have started QGIS Desktop 3.4 with Grass 7.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in GRASS *via* QGIS. Hence, make sure you have installed QGIS Desktop with Grass support.
```
